I want to create a swing trading modules
There are atleast two parts to it, lets start with

1. Data Ingestor and Processor - this module downloads OHLC data for NSE 500 stocks (ind_nifty500list.csv)
and calculates all required indicators (e.g RSI, CCI) and stores them in the same table. Every time the program 
runs, it should only update the difference in data. We will create data for the following intervals - 75 minutes,
125 minutes, 1 Day, 1 Week, when the program runs for the first time, we can get the data for last 100 days.
After that it will be only the delta (so maintain all required flags)

we can use angelone for the data. let me know what information needs to be updated in .env for this.
Also, create a python virtual env. and install all required libraries in it.
we will use python, steamlit, sqllite and related libraries

2. I want to create a scanner screen (another tab)- call it signal, 
which will shortlist stocks based on the following criteria.
- average RSI for last 5 days is lower than 50
- in any of the subseqent candles - CCI peaked above 100 and RSI went above 50 
and volume is/was 4x previous 5 days volume



************full logic****************
📌 Stock Selection Criteria

Filter stocks based on the following conditions:

RSI Breakout After Consolidation
RSI crosses above 50 after staying below it for more than two weeks.

RSI Strength Confirmation
RSI is trading above its RSI Moving Average (RSI-MA).

CCI Exhaustion Signal
CCI is above +100, indicating strong momentum / potential exhaustion.

Resistance Rejection
Price shows a clear rejection at a key resistance level.

High Volume Confirmation
Volume is at least 5× the average volume of the last 10 days.

🎯 Entry Strategy
Step 1: Wait for Volume Dryness

Volume should drop significantly.

It must be at least 4× lower than the volume of the rejection candle.

Step 2: Entry Options
🔹 Option A: Lower Timeframe Entry (125-min or 75-min)

RSI has crossed above 50 and is retracing toward its RSI-MA
OR

Look for a “W” pattern or “V” pattern forming just below the RSI Moving Average (higher risk, early entry).

🔹 Option B: Daily Timeframe Entry

RSI has crossed above 50 and is retracing toward its RSI-MA before continuation.



Narrow downloads
stock news sentiment analysis and sector analysis, we might be able to narrow down on the list of signals


create a tab - Nifty Chart- which show nifty50 on top -chart with OHLC with volume . Use websockets for this, so that the data is as frequent as possible. (second data?). I have geven details of both Angel one and Dhan. which ever provides the good API, use that. Also plot RSI and its moving average in the below the OHLC chart. Similar to attached image -





New SIVA Scanner - 
Weekly RSI (14) is between 50 and 75
RSI ≥ 50
RSI ≤ 75
RSI behavior in recent past (important insight)
In the last 10 days, RSI was below 50 for at least 5 days
Volume strength
Volume is increasing (≥ 4 periods)
Price strength vs highs
Weekly high is greater than the highest price of the last 33 days
RSI trend confirmation
Weekly RSI is above its moving average (RSI-MA)
CCI indicator strength
Weekly CCI (20) ≥ 90
Price filter
Stock price (close) ≥ ₹25
Volume filter
5-day average volume ≥ 100,000
Market cap filter
Market capitalization ≥ ₹500 crore



Now, i want to discuss the robust_swing_strategy before implementation, i have a couple of questions,
1. How should select the stocks. I have the nifty500 list and many other lists in data folder
1a. should we consider sector rotation? give preference to sectors are in season now.
Do deep reasearch, we can add a section on it?
2. from tech point of view, i would like to create responsive UI using Next.JS, backend 
loosely coupled Fast API. Sqllite for database. 
3. Keep everything that might be required for this implementation and move the rest to a old folder in the project
4. Suggest implementation strategy. Should have separate pages for Q1 to Q5?
5. I am a very visual person. where required use tradingview charing github lib for charting
6. I shoould be able to easily understand, visutalize, reason each stage 